Add custom domain guide (#52)
tembo-io/website: docs/tembo-cloud/custom-domains.md

---
sidebar_position: 5
tags:
  - api
  - domains
  - network
  - dns
---

# Custom domains

> This guide is for configuring alternative, custom domain(s) that can be used to connect to your Tembo instance.

Author: ```suggestion
This guide is for configuring custom domains that can be used to connect to your Tembo instance.
```
